[Content graph] fix cleaning environment (#3690)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where deprecating parsing rules or modeling rules using **format** failed due to schema discrepancies.
* Fixed an issue where kebab-case arguments were not parsed correctly.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** falsely failed with error `RN115` on release notes with linefeed at the end of the file.

> * Fixed an issue where **graph** commands failed on dirty environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **graph** commands would not clean the environment from temporary files properly, causing successive commands to fail.
```
